And how about now? Do you have many friends now?
Yes, I have.
Yeah, and where did you meet your friends?
I had all my friends with Kevin.
Mm-hmm. So who's Kevin?
Staff.
Yeah. And you see him as a friend, do you?
Yeah, he's your friend. He's my little girl.
He's alright. He is.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's alright.
And which other friends do you have then?
Yeah, I got Tony, Shane and Kevin.
So are they all staff here?
Yes.
Yeah, they're all staff, yeah.
Mm. But you see all of them as a friend.
Yeah.
What is it about them that you like?
You're my friend.
Yeah.
So what is it about the staff that makes you feel like you're good friends?
They're, um...
They've been treated, the staff, be kind.
They've been kind to me now.
They've all been kind.
It's good shopping.
It's just all been kind to us.
Hmm.
Mm.
stuff about that movie.